From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes or weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing show number two
Oh nine. Recorded live Thursday,
April 1st, 2010. Support for Hanselman. This
is provided by Tellerik rad
controls, the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Headspring systems CTO, Jeffrey
Palermo. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman and this is another
episode of Hansel minutes. And
today I've got Jeffrey Palermo,
CTO, Headspring systems and author
of a book on asp.net
MVC, specifically asp.net, MVC inaction.
How's it going, Jeffrey. Good.
Thanks for having me Scott.
So you, you work on
an opensource project called MVC
contrib, and you guys have
been doing this for awhile,
who all is on this,
on this project? Well, the
project is about two years
old and Eric Hexter and
I are the co founders
and we actually started about
five days after the first
CTP of the MVC framework
was launched and we've had
multiple contributors from Headspring systems,
individual, Tim Scott, and then
Jeremy Skinner, our most active committer.
And they're the main guys
and our, we have our
first Microsoft committer, David Ebo
at the T for NBC
stuff. So it's about two
years old and it's a,
it has quite a bit
of a history of the
source code has been three
different places. And now it's
finally found a home as
a copay foundation. Cool. So
tell me what, what is
the whole contrib kind of
vibe? You always see a
project and then you see
that project can trip. So
there's like napkin, Trib and
MPC. Contrib. Is that a,
is that a tradition in
software to come up with
a contrib version of a
commercial project? I don't know
the actual source or who
made the first country project,
but going back, going back
to, even when I actually,
when I first started working
with open source libraries in
the.net one Oh days, I
was working with Nancy contrib
and then in hibernate contrib.
And so when we were
looking for a name, we
thought, you know, it's not
about being a new open
source library. It's about, it's
about reinforcing and enhancing the
experience with an existing library.
So it's not about creating
a brand new identity. It's
about bolstering and strengthening the
existing identity, which is asp.net
MVC. So it's not about
like sometimes I describe MVC
contributors, the project that has
all of this stuff that,
you know, that we wish
we had the time to
put into MPC is not
the case. I'd love for
the team at Microsoft, actually
think about it that way.
And, and actually over the
past two years, there's been,
there's been things there's been
code that we have deleted
because AC NBC version two
was able to incorporate some
of the ideas. And so,
you know, deleting code is
always fun. Yeah. Re refactoring
via subtraction. Exactly, exactly. Accomplish
the goal with the least
amount of code possible, the
least amount of software possible.
Are there things in NBC
contrib that are just copied
from another project and like,
they, they live like this,
like a small open source
project now has a home
inside NBC contrib or is
it a collection or are
there things in NBC country
that there are only in
there, There are things what
most of MVC contrib is,
are, are unique things that
they started there. And that's
the only place that they
are. NBC kinship is not
a standalone library. In other
words, you wouldn't use NBC
contrib just by itself and
say, Oh, I'm creating an
NBC contribute application that just
doesn't make sense. You would
be creating an asp.net MVC
application. And then you would
leverage the MVC contrib library
for some extra goodness. Now,
a few years ago, when
it first started, we received
some contributions of adoptations to
the end velocity view engine
adapted for ACN and NBC,
the braille view engine, and
then an XSLT transformed view
engine. And those were really
interesting early ideas and they
were contributed and they haven't,
they haven't received a whole
lot of traction in velocity.
And braille came over from
the ASP net adaptations that
were already in monorail. And
so it was since they
already worked with ASP net,
it was pretty easy to
just adapt them for NBC
NBC version two, to correspond
with asp.net, NBC version two
we've deprecated the extra view
engines, just because we haven't
found that people have been
using them. So you deprecated
something just because it didn't
get a lot of support.
Isn't there like some person
out there who like really
cares about that. Moreover, we
don't have a committer who
is maintaining them. So even
to upgrade them, we don't,
we don't have anyone in
the community to who is
maintaining those. So while they
are still available, while they
are still available and you
can still get builds that
do support those, they're not
actively being maintained. And so
we put that, put them
out on the MVC one
branch, but for NBC version
two and going forward, we
don't have a volunteer in
the community who stepped up
and says, yeah, I'll maintain
those for the project when
you run An open source
project like this. And I,
would it be fair to
say that you're kind of
the coordinator at this point?
I would say that I
am one of the faces
of MVC contrib. And at
this point probably a in,
in, in Microsoft speak a
evangelist. And I would say
that Eric Hexter is the
actual coordinator, moving things around
and, and coordinating the actual
tactical actions of the project
itself. I know in my
dual role, as, as NBC
contrib cofounder, and also leading
the practice here at Headspring,
we contribute lots of features
directly from Headspring staff through
patches, to some of the
NBC contrib committers. And in
that role, I'll sort of
give direction that, you know,
what we need, we need
these features in NBC contributor.
We need this, these features
to make it to NBC
contrib. And so I'll give
direction that way, but, but
I gotta give credit to
Eric texture as being the
real coordinator, the overall coordinator
for the project itself, Where
does, where does Eric work?
And the reason I ask
is that it seems that
with all open source projects
that, you know, these are
all really good successful ones,
they succeed the most when
someone has a commercial interest
in getting them to work
like, you know, you're using
NBC contribute at your company.
I, is it fair to
say Eric probably doing the
same thing at his, That
is fair to say, because
Eric works at Headspring Aha.
That all comes around. So
how do I, if I'm
a, if I'm a community
member, how do I know
that NBC contribute? Isn't just
a, you know, a Headspring
product as opposed to, you
know, a real vibrant open
source project. Well, that's, that's
part of the decision to,
to contribute all the intellectual
property to the code flex
foundation. Now, even though both
Eric and I are at
Headspring and yes, we do
use NBC contrib on client
projects, just like we use
other open source projects, like
in hibernate and Nance and
in unit, Tim Scott is
another committer who is not
at Headspring or he does
live in Austin, Texas. So
we see him face to
face quite, quite frequently. And
he comes to the austin.net
user group. And Jeremy Skinner is
our most active committer and
documenter, and he was in
the UK. So that's it,
it's not, it's not a,
you know, one way Headspring
track. We certainly give, give
leadership to it, but it's,
it's more broad. And we
have our first Microsoft committer,
David Evo. So this project
is now part of the
code flex foundation. It does
not have any intellectual property
left rooted at Headspring or
actually in, in me or
Eric or Tim or Jeremy
is individuals, you know, actual
property. And the ownership now
resides with the coast Lux
foundation. We are still leading
the MVC country project and
the direction that we think
it should go, but there's
an active mailing list with
lots of people using it
that also are asking questions,
helping each other out and
giving their opinions about what
the direction of MEC contributor
goes. So I think it's
really turned out to be
a great vibrant open source
project. And it's definitely not
a one company operation. So
for, for those people who
are listening, who may not
be familiar there's code Plex
or what Sam Ramji calls
the forge coplex.com, which is
the place that you host
your projects. And then there's,
COVID flex.org, which is a
nonprofit external foundation that kind
of helps projects be used.
It's basically a Microsoft jump-started
foundation. That's now an entirely
independent of Microsoft that helps
helps projects be used by
commercial the software. So you're
saying that you donated NVC
contrib to the copex foundation.
Yes, yes. And we rounded
up the surprisingly thick stack
of paperwork required for all
the current committers, as well
as, as well as me
in my capacity as Headspring
thing that it's bringing as
a company does not claim
any ownership we hear by
grant, you know, yada yada,
all this stuff over. And
then Tim Scott, Jeremy Skinner individually,
me individually, Eric individually, and
then everyone who has contributed
a patch, we kept contact
information on them. And when
you contribute a patch through
covid.com, there's verbiage that already
helps out that says, Hey,
I'm contributing to this patch.
I don't, I don't retain
ownership. I hear by contribute
this past year, click the
button. So that helps out
with that. But yes, there's,
there's official paperwork that says
any intellectual property that would
be assigned to me is
now assigned to the Coplex
foundation. Was that, was that
pretty difficult? I mean, was
it worth, was it worth
the trouble? I mean, that's
it, that sounds like a
big deal. Gosh, all every
single person I've ever did
a patch, Every single person
that ever did a Pat
didn't have to do that
paperwork because code flex.com has
a patch submission process, which
has a legal disclaimer that
helped out a lot. It
really did because when you
submit a patch, you agree
to the terms of submitting
that patch and it's attached
to your user ID. And
the terms are that you're
contributing this patch and the
intellectual property that goes along
with it, normal us copyright
law would say that even
though you gave someone the
code, the intellectual property for
that code would still reside
with the person who created
it. And so the disclaimer,
you know, officially says, I
am, I am here by
giving my, my intellectual property,
my copyright, and I'm not
going to, Wow. It sounds
like one more reason to
read your ULAs when you,
when you click agree on
something on the web. But
you know, that's the, that's
the purpose of the, of,
of code flex.com is to
facilitate open source libraries and
in the open source mindset,
when you contribute something to
a project in your mind,
you're not thinking, Oh, I'm
contributing this code to the
project. So that later on,
if this project is successful,
I can try to get
some money out of it
because some of my intellectual
property and then go after
all the commercial companies and
ended up using this open
source project, that's not your
mindset. And so there's, there's
some legal maneuvers that are
necessary in order to jive
the open source mindset with
the legal reality. And I
think that's the value of
the code flex foundation. So
when you suggested this idea
to like the team that
they thought it was a
good winner, was it a
hard sell? You know, it
was a surprisingly easy sell
at the, at the mano
space conference in Austin this
past October, some of the,
some of the code flex
foundation guys were there and
Eric and I they're going,
I spoke to them, said,
you know, what would it
take to get NBC contributed
to the Copeland to hope
flux foundation. We're very interested
in being one of the
first non-Microsoft funded, open source
projects. What's, what's your roadmap.
And at that point, they
didn't have the procedures completely
fleshed out about how they
would accept projects. But, you
know, we worked with them
to get their process in
place. They had a board
meeting, they approved NBC contrib.
We met the criteria and
furthermore, the first funded gallery
in code flex foundation is
the asp.net gallery. And ASEAN
Ajax was the first project
contributed. And so it just
so happened that a gallery
was funded in the code
flex foundation. That was a
very good home for NBC
contrib. Now, if this project
was geared towards, I don't
know, SQL server and open
source SQL server projects, then
we probably wouldn't be in
the copex foundation because there
is not a sequel server
gallery that has funding, but
there is an ASP in
gallery. I see, I guess,
at least not yet. Not
yet. Exactly. Not yet. And
we met the other criteria,
for instance, being, being active
for a demonstrable reasonable period
of time, having people having
so many committers, so much
activity, because if you just,
if you're a one man
opensource project and you spin
something up and, and you
throw some code out there
that doesn't quite meet the
criteria for entrance into the
code flex foundation, you have
to demonstrate that you have
a life. And the life
of the open source project
is not directly tied to
the single founder. In other
words, if the single founder
sort of walked away with
the open source project flounder,
or is there a community
around that would keep it
going Right? You know, and,
and that's actually something that
I I've called in the
past, the bus factor, which
is what's the bus factor
on a project. What are
the chances that someone gets
hit by a bus and
this project falls apart. Right?
And I can say, let
me say that if I
went away, even if Eric
Hexter went away, this project
would keep going Well, that's
pretty cool. Cause that's one
of the things that people
wonder about. They want to
know if, if the project
falls apart, who's going to
step up and nothing is
sad than an open source
project. That's really been abandoned.
Right? Right. But at the
same time, success for an
open source project is only
defined by the goals of
the founder. And, and we
can't, we can't be quick
to say that if an
open source project is only
used by one or two
people and only maintained by
one person, then it's not
a real open source project.
Our definition of success is
not everyone's definition of success
for their open source project.
Some people are fine saying,
no, I'm not going to
let anyone contribute to it,
but I'll give my work
away for free. And someone
contributes a patch and says,
no, I don't want your
patch. Now it's, it's there
definitely it's it's up to
the founder. And so when
you get to the foundation
level, when you have communities
around these open source projects,
sort of all go gone
in the same direction, however,
open source, the open source
ecosystem and community is, is
so broad. I don't think
you can say one thing
about it. That's uniform across
every single open source project.
In fact, I don't think
we'll ever be able to
have a catalog of every
open source project because some
open source projects, the founder
just doesn't advertise. It's not
founder, doesn't care about advertising,
maybe his friends up and
down his own block or
the only, or the extent
of the advertising that he
does. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman from another parallel universe,
got to tell you about
some of our things our
sponsors are doing. They make
this free podcast possible. If
you're developing a new line
of business application, you've probably
tried the latest version of
server light. Now you can
get even better results by
combining the functionality and server
Lite for beta, with some
of the richness or the
third party controls from our
friends at Tellerik, they're the
first vendors to offer native
support for the server Lite
for beta and their rag
controls. You've got a new
server for CTP suite of
these controls. They let you
tap into the frameworks, great
potential. You got native right
mouse click and all the
new features it's server line.
There's 38 controls that give
you all these features. You
can start building those compelling
line of business applications right
away. I encourage you to
check those products out at
tellerik.com/server light, and, you know,
thank Tellerik for supporting that
and rock supporting Hansel minutes
on their Facebook fan page
at facebook.com/tellerik. Now back to
the show. So let's, let's
shift a little bit and
walk me through some of
the things that are inside
of MVC contributed. I might
want to, to use. Sure.
So first and foremost, and
I'm saying, and I'm saying
this first, because it's, it's
so important would be the
UI testing. The, there is
a, there's a UI testing
wrapper and adapter around, and
initially implemented over the Watson
library that makes it very
easy to create UI tests
and by UHS really full
system tests, or just UI
tests for your web apps
running AceNet NBC where opens
up internet Explorer. It types
in the text, boxes, clicks
the button and then asserts
the right thing happen. There's
the assembly is called NBC
can trip dot test helper.
And it has a really
easy syntax over Wattens that
makes it a little bit
easier to use. It also
has an interface called eyebrows
or driver, and Watson is
currently the only implementation of
that interface. But another implementation
that's in the works is
over the LTF framework, the
lightweight test automation framework from,
from actually the QA team
of ESPN and ABC. How
does this work exactly when
you say UI testing, I
think of someone automating a
browser and clicking for me,
I think of like the,
the coded UI test and
visual studio, 2010, or water
or Watson or things like
that. How is this different?
Right, Right. It absolutely is
automating the tests. It's, it's
making a test script that
you would run in a
test runner like in unit
or ms. Test or MBE
unit. And when the test
runs, it would interact with
it and open up internet
Explorer, navigate to the page
and questions, click the right
links, you know, select things
and drop down menu, click
a button, go to another
page. And, and literally you
can automate, you can automate
a test of placing an
order in e-commerce ASP net
application. And so you can,
what we use it for@headspringisforfullsystemtestingforasp.net
apps, then ACE and NBC
apps. It can work with
web forms, but it works
the best with NBC. And,
and it I'm sorry, it
is automating the browser. It
is, it opens up internet
Explorer, it types in the
text boxes and it clicks
the buttons. You can stand
back, you can sit back
in your chair and watch
it run. And it's just
a robot. Is this a
new implementation of something that
hasn't been done before with
like, again, like with water,
which is web application testing
and Ruby or Watson, or
did you bring Watson into
your project? Oh, this has
been done over and over
again. This is just making
it work very easily with
the MVC framework. So the
actual implementation of, of driving
the browser Dom is Watson
or El task, depending on
which one you're using, the
test helper is an abstraction
over whichever browser driving library.
You choose. It could conceptually
be selenium or cucumber or
whatever, but it's an abstraction
over that to make it
very easy to do the
testing for NBC apps. I
see. So you've put a
help on both sides to
make sure. So it's not
just an entirely client side
browser driving solution. There's something
on the back end. That's
helping It's part of the
library. That's helping you author
the test scripts. Okay. Okay.
But you don't have to
change your application. It'll work
just as before, Right? You
do not have to change
your application. However, if you
don't have a test surfaces
already designed into your application
as a part of the
application architecture, then it's going
to be more difficult to,
to test it. Just like,
just like in a modern
automobile. When you go to
the dealership, there is, there
is a, a plugin, a,
a Jack that they're going
to connect the computer to.
And it's a, it's a
diagnostic port and they can
get error codes and other
information directly from the engine.
And you as the user,
you don't care about that
whatsoever. That's purely for testing
purely for diagnostics, but it
was engineered into the car
because that's so important. There
are specific pins on an
Intel microprocessor that are only
for testing and it gives
visibility under the covers. And
so the same principle has
been applied in lots of
other types of engineering. And,
and it behooves us as
software engineers to put it
in our applications, because if
our applications really only provide
the end user interface as
a surface for testing, then
we're at a handicap when
we're trying to write these
automated test scripts. And so
in our client projects, you
know, we leave certain spots
open as, as purely test
surfaces and it makes offering
those tests so much easier.
So one of the other
things that's inside of MPC
contribute something called portable areas.
How is that different from
the areas feature in NBC
too? Right? So portable areas
is an add on to
the areas feature itself. It's
not a replacement. It, it
basically takes a NVC area
and makes it a component
model. It makes it distributable
as a single DLL. You
take the area, package it
up. And then, you know,
in other words, one of
the samples and NBC can
trip that you can get
to. If you download the
code from, from NBC contrib.org,
you can go into source
and samples and go into
a portable areas, a sample.
And it's essentially has a
RSS widget helper. And there's
an RSS widget controller, and
there's a view and it
takes any RSS fee that
you want and it formats
it nicely on a page.
And that is its own
area. And the portable areas
capability allows you to package
that up into a single
DOL. I can hand it
to you. You can do
add reference RSS widget, portable
area into your application. You
instantly have a new HTML
helper available on your views.
You can say HTML dot
RSS, passing the string of
the RSS feed. And then
instantly you have a what
amounts to a partial view
pop right in that section,
formatted nicely with the contents
of that RSS feed. And
to you, it looked like
a, it looked like a
simple HTML helper. Both the
implementation was an entire area.
Now, the second thing that's
interesting about this is that
areas registered new routes. And
so by adding a reference
to a new portable area,
and then in your global
ASX, I'm just registering all
areas. The MVC framework automatically
discovers all the areas that
are in your bin folder,
or that are in the,
the assemblies that the app
domain has loaded. Right? So
now you have the portable
area loaded into your app
domain. It'll find the area
it'll register the routes automatically,
and you can instantly have
10 or 20 brand new
pages active on your site
right away. So if you
think about it, something that's
not implemented now, but I
think it would be great.
If someone wanted to try
their hand at it, take,
take a, you know, open
source forum or discussion group,
open source project that's for
ASP net and package it
up as an NBC two
area. And then, and then
layer on the portable on
top of it and distributed
as a single DLL add
reference them. You instantly have
a discussion group on your,
on your Espino site, the
most exciting part of your
trip. Gosh, you know, it
it's, it's pretty well up
there. It's pretty well up
there. Cause NBC too, isn't,
isn't excited. Exciting just by
itself. It's exciting because it's
such an open framework. It
doesn't say it doesn't say
no, no, no, here's the
framework. And you as the
human fit yourself into the
pieces of it and you
put your code here and
nowhere else it says, no,
no, no, no. Here's, here's
all the different ways that
we can help you put
together the web application that
you want to. And then
where, where you want to
go further, you extend it.
And there's hooks for that.
And same thing with NBC
can trip. There's a lot
of places that are just
extensions for particular hooks, like
the controller factories, HTML, helpers,
there's view, data extensions, or
view data. You have to
access with a string keys.
Well, the view data extensions
makes it where you can
use a generic parameter instead
of string keys so that
you have fewer string literals
in your views, in the
controllers. And so little things
like that, just just make
working with the MVC framework,
a little more desirable, but
probably if I were to
pick a most exciting feature,
as you can trip, I
would have to pick the
input builders. So NBC can
trip came up with input
builders before the NBC two
roadmap was, was, was put
out there. And so it
is similar to the MVC
to template has helpers. And
the vision is that you
can describe your view with
the view model and then
using conventions. The views can
be drawn automatically for you.
Now it's interesting because this
sort of goes, it seems
at the surface level to
go against some of the
original marketing of the MVC
framework was you're going to
have absolute, complete control over
your market. And that was,
you know, that was a
Microsoft selling feature. You're going
to have control over your
markup. You're going to be
closer to the HTML, whereas
what we actually didn't didn't
want that per se, we
built build infant builders because
we didn't want to have
to write the HTML. Now
we wanted absolute control over
what it would be, but
we didn't want to write
it all. We wanted it
to be written for us
because HTML is kind of
low level it's repetitive. Yeah.
Wouldn't you say that input
builders were an attempt to
keep things dry, right? Don't
repeat yourself. Yes. Yes. Perhaps
we're going to have, we're
going to have tons of
input type equals text all
over the application. How can
I have input type equals
text only specified once in
the code that I contribute
to my version control system,
that's essentially the problem. So
employee builders is a runtime
code generator for HTML and
it's, it's very similar to
web forms controls. When you
say the goal is for
it to decide, to write
HTML, but web forms controls
don't really have a good
convention model where you can
say, every time I see
this, I want you to
choose ASP colon text box.
For every time you see
this, I want you to
choose ASP colon dropdown. That's
what the input builders do.
If we see a, we,
if we see an email
them or a type that
we know to be enumerated
in our application, we can
create a simple convention class
that says evaluate the property.
When you see it to
be this use, use our
dropdown builder, which uses HTML
dot dropdown list. And then
it passes in the select
list and it can, you
know, put together the list
from the enumeration, or if
it's lookup data in the
database, that'll go and grab
that automatically. And any time
the view model is a
particular type that we know
to be enumerated. We automatically
get the dropdown populated with
the right pieces and same
goes with lots of other
types of, So how is
that different from the display
for an editor for templates
and NBC two there's a
complimentary or is it just
another option? Good question. Good
question. And, and I don't
know this for sure, but
the input builders sufficiently preceded
the roadmap for NBC two,
two that we, we hope
some of the inspiration from
it, you know, made it
in. And NBC contribute has
been refactored. I E code
deleted since NBC two has
come out with the template
as helpers, because there was
some overlap for instance, investigating
the view model to decide
what to do at the
highest level, you know, HTML
dot form for model just
enumerates every property in your,
your model, and then spit
them all out. That mechanism
is the same. I'm using
the Dana data annotations. That
was something we were factor
too. But the piece that
is really important is the
conventions structure. There's there is
no way in template and
helpers that I can say
for this application, if you
have, let's just say, if
the property ends with, if
the property ends with a
password suffix like, like initial
password and then confirm password,
let's say that those are
two properties with a template
as helpers. It would, you
know, you could, you could
annotate it with a attribute
that, you know, says, Hey,
use a password, but it's
everywhere in my side. I
said, you know, I just
want this convention that says,
if the property name ends
with password, I want you
to use HTML dot password
then instantly for the entire
site. That's the way it
is. So it's site level
conventions. Whereas the template helpers
really focus on the individual
view and adding conventions on
top of that really enable
removing a lot of duplication
that you would place as
attributes in your view model.
Okay. Okay. It is, it
is an opinionated framework. Isn't
it? MVC country. I mean
that in a positive way,
right? I mean, it, it,
it, it sets, it puts
some opinions in the ground,
but just stake in the
ground and said, this is,
this is what we believe
in It does. And I
think that is a positive,
regardless of what the opinion
is. And there's a sufficiently
large number of libraries, both
commercial and open source that,
you know, there's, there's enough
opinions. You can choose the
one that you agree with,
but the one thing that
NBC country have also, it
doesn't lock you in it
doesn't lock you into using
all the, in other words,
you can pick and choose
the features you want to
use. And they're sufficiently standalone.
You don't say, Oh, are
you building an MVC application?
Or are you building an
NBC plus NBC can trip.
You know, it's not an
all or none proposition. So
if you just, if for
instance, if you don't like
the input builders, you can
still use a lot of
the other features without input
builders. But before we move
on to another topic, the
other big, big win of
the input builders is that
it leverages partial based master
pages. If you think about
it, the view engine mechanism
of the MVC framework does
not care if the partial
is a view page or
a view user control, right?
View user controls and ASP.
And I do not have
the capability of having a
master page view pages, however,
do, and view master pagers
can be infinitely nested. So
what we've done is, is
go with the convention that
every view, excuse me, every,
every partial view that is
the implementation of an input
and input builder. For instance,
there is a partial for
the text box. There is
a partial for a dropdown
list. There is a partial
for checkbox list. Now, inside
those partials, you know, it,
doesn't delegate back to the
MVC framework and use, you
know, display for, I mean,
you know, display for an
editor for, and all the
built in stuff is just
layers onto the built-in stuff.
But the input builders is
partial based partial view based,
and all the parcels are
implemented as view pages. And
so each of those view
pages can have a master
page. That's also convention based
so that you, so that
I can say, you know
what, in this application, I
want a, I want my
label and then I want
a colon. And then I
want the input element. And
then I want the validation.
And then I want an
example, if there is an
example and I can lay
out how I want the
field to be. Now, the
template is helpers right off
the bat, sort of say,
okay, we're gonna, you know,
we're going to have just
a label or just a
couple of things. Your application
can override the master page
because all we're doing is
searching for a View-Master page
by name. So you can
put in a View-Master page
by that name in your
shared folder and boom, you've
overwritten the default. And you
can add certain elements. If
you wanted to add a
little image with a question
Mark, for extra help on
each individual field, you would
add that in the field
level master page. And, and
that would be applied to
every field throughout the entire
site, because every partial is
a page and the pages
have the message. That's pretty
cool stuff You guys are
doing. It really did eliminate
a large set of duplicated
markets that would otherwise be
in the views because XML
and HTML are not object
oriented. C sharp is Keeping
it dry with MVC can
trim. So you've got a
book now called asp.net MVC
in action, and you can
get all the links to
stuff like that at Jeffery's
blog@jeffreypalermo.com. That book is fromManning@manning.com
slash Palermo. We'll put all
those links in the show
notes. Thanks a lot for
sitting down and chatting today.
Jeffrey, this has been another
episode of Hanselminutes and we'll
see you again next week.